we're actually quarries here wearing a
Buddha t-shirt then I'm here reading
Buddhism for dummies and we're both
vegan so just so you know we're not just
like we don't just like some
bloodthirsty love killing inferior
beings or something no America was
founded by whites for whites the whole
thing they've like you know people you
know claiming that oh well then what are
you doing in America because you know
that wasn't your homeland etc Souter's
are we conquered America we came we had
the ability and we did it if the native
population of a territory we went into
was capable of defeating us we would
have been defeated and we would have
left you know it wouldn't have worked
out very well but you know the only
reason we were able to do it is because
why why why we could
within the digital vegan demi-monde
accusations of racism are certainly a
strange and puzzling thing in the
not-too-distant past I defended
unnatural vegan against accusations of
racism that she not only heard she made
her own videos responded those
accusations bite size vegan at the same
time was used to being a racist and
responded those accusations although in
my opinion they were not substantive
they were not meaningful more recently
I've had to address repeatedly the
accusations of racism that were made
against vegan cheetah and then I had to
raise an eyebrow when vegan cheetah was
referring to another youtuber another
digital vegan activist as a white
supremacist or shamova so it was a kind
of accusation of racism against her even
though I think it was entirely a joking
one it wasn't a serious accusation but I
still raise the question of you know is
this appropriate of this coastline um to
me one of the most pernicious aspects of
that game that I've seen played out over
the last two years kind of phony
accusations of racism and phony witch
hunts for the sake of political
correctness is that people have ignored
more substantive questions of racism and
race relations shall we say and how
those issues intersect with veganism the
questions we ask ourselves as a nascent
social movement in pursuit of animal
rights ecology a vegan diet really the
only caveat I have to state here before
I let these guys state their own view of
the world in their own words without my
interrupting them and without my making
sarcastic remarks or without my
criticizing them because I think there's
just no point in doing that
the main caveat I have to state here is
that this couple you're about to hear
from they do not consider themselves
racist they do actually define racism in
their own terms and then they explain
why from their own perspective there
racist now with that having been said I
think a very large percentage of people
in the audience will will consider these
views racist without any ambiguity they
will consider them objectively racist
apart from from subjective matters of
opinion but of course from from
different political perspectives these
things are debatable on average thirty
thousand white women in the United
States are raped by black men and close
to nil white right white men rape black
women so it's a really a one-way street
happening there which just goes to show
that white women have been made far more
vulnerable to assault as a result of
blacks being allowed to try to integrate
into a white country which is America
America was founded by whites for whites
and I believe that was actually written
in the original Constitution I'm not
sure exactly the which paperwork it was
written in but it was specifically
stated but it was a country for free
white men of goods now that brings me to
something else - sorry this is a
complete aside but it's related the
whole thing I've liked you know people
you know claiming that oh well then what
are you doing in America because you
know that wasn't your homeland etc that
is our we conquered America we came we
had the ability and we did it the better
man wins that's how it works
and you know it's a solution what
exactly it's like you know I'm you know
why should anyone have to feel sorry for
the fact that they came in and we were
all on this planet the same amount of
time we've all been on this planet the
same amount of time it's not like you
know white people have had some kind of
like you know three or four or five or
even more thousand-year head start but
it looks like no but it just looks like
you know do we look a pair of magicians
or something you know and and you know
it we we developed these you know
complex societies these the great
architecture the great artwork the great
music the science and literature etc etc
etc etc
mentioned the wheel yeah meanwhile our
counterparts in other countries were
living in mud huts and carrying baskets
on their head you know and in some
places they still do this
like that's how far they've come with
the same amount of time on earth you
know so why it was the reason we're not
saying this because we hate them no
we're not saying this because we want to
kill them exactly for some reason a lot
of people will assume I guess that's
like some kind of Hitler Association or
something ironically we're actually
quarries here wearing a Buddha t-shirt
then I'm here reading Buddhism for
dummies and we're both vegan so just so
you know we're not just like we don't
just like some bloodthirsty love killing
inferior beings or something no we just
hate stupidity we hate people who with
more facts you know we hate people who
do twist things around you know it's
just absurd this whole white guilt thing
is absurd now I'm not advocating like I
said I'm not advocating me go over to
any of the country and wipe these people
out now we have conquered in the past
you know and that is because we came in
and we were able to you know because we
were technologically superior exactly
well of being intellectual I mean if the
if the native population of a territory
we went into was capable of defeating us
we would have been defeated and we would
have left you know it wouldn't have
worked out very well but you know the
only reason we were able to do it is
because why why why we tried yeah we had
such things as boats and guns and they
thought we were going to let me arrived
in South America some places they call
them the white Devils but uh ya know in
a lot of places they thought we were
God's when we stepped off the boats you
know because I've never seen anyone do
that we've never seen men wearing armor
or having guns or you know anything
remotely like that don't quote me on
this that I think that uh that like only
some only nations and only people in
Europe and parts of Asia East Asia and
and in parts of India had even crap even
were able to craft
out of like metals like you know in a
many of these places they were still
using [ __ ] sticks and rocks and
Spears and maybe putting bone at the end
of something for an arrow they hadn't
even learned how to shape metal you know
into you know advanced weaponry so of
course we were gonna come in and conquer
without much problem I'll say to be
brief things here in case Corey and his
girlfriend I should see this video I
know I mean they've made videos about
their their views of intelligence you
know IQ tests and differences in levels
of intelligence to be different ethnic
groups and so on and so you know I have
I have no idea at this point to what
extent their anti-semitism might really
make them hostile against me as I am a
nihilistic atheist by belief but I am
Jewish by blood and I've got to say
growing up I never thought Judaism was
going to be such a big deal in my life
as its turned out to be I never thought
that Judaism would be my primary public
identity in the same way that you know
someone who's black may be perceived
first and foremost as black and only
secondarily as Canadian it's ridiculous
to me that in so many contexts my
identity is perceived as first and
foremost as Jewish as if this was really
a tremendously important fact about me
above and beyond all other facts such as
the fact that I you know born and raised
in Canada but it is anti-semitism is
alive and well in 2016 and we may we may
see some of that in the comments below
this video I don't know but anyway if
those guys see this video what I have to
say to them is is the following that
there is really no simple connection
between the facts as you present them
and the facts as you believe in them in
the moral position that you're here
advocating for now what I mean by that
is even if I were to accept what you
present as factually true and I do not I
see a great many factual historical
errors in and what you're presenting I
think you guys yourselves know from the
tone of what you say
and from some of the Cabot's you haven't
studied this history you haven't had a
sincere interest in this in the history
that you're drawing urines
that's okay a lot of people on the
internet state their opinions about
history without doing a lot of research
you have the right to do that and in a
sense I've respect I respect your right
to do that even if I disagree with you
factually but setting that aside if we
all were to pretend that your views were
a hundred percent factually accurate
there's actually a very narrow shaky and
difficult bridge between those facts and
the ethical conclusions you come to so
for example you're Pro colonial pro
genocide pro-slavery view of the history
of North America which is what it is
because we're talking about the
enslavement a genocide of the indigenous
peoples of Canada the United States etc
I assume you guys feel the same way
about the history of Brazil I don't know
but it's the United States especially
guys who understand even if your views
your your justifications the facts you
pull on even if all of that was
factually valid what would that entail
ethically for the situation we find
ourselves in today in the year 2016 if
what you were saying was true factually
I really think you are not giving enough
thought to how difficult it would be to
connect those factual claims to the
moral and ethical claims that you're
making so if for example Scottish people
really are superior to you know the
indigenous people of Saskatchewan and
you know it was predominantly Scottish
people who colonized Saskatchewan and to
a remarkable extent it was in Scotland
that many of the fundamental
breakthroughs of science took place so
called Scottish enlightenment again what
what you said you seem to have no
sincere interest in the history of
science or the history of colonialism or
what have you but you know if you do
okay if you actually believe in this if
you believe in the ethnic superiority of
Scottish people I don't
I've lived in Scotland let me tell you
you think Scottish people have borne a
lot more intelligent than the rest of
the human race try living in Scotland
and and you know but anyway the Scottish
enlightenment happens gone they have a
unique history in terms their
contribution to both the sciences and
the history of British Empire okay what
does that really mean now in the year
what is the moral relationship between
the Scottish people and the Cree people
the Scottish people and the Egyptian the
den a people if you're incredibly bleak
view of the world as an unending process
of you know pseudo pseudo Darwinian
struggles between different ethnic
groups if that if that really is your
view of the world well what now in 2016
should be the relationship between
Scottish people and you know the native
people of Canada that they've conquered
you know what now should be the
relationship between yourself as a white
person I don't know anything what's your
ethnic background and black people who
are the descendants of liberated slaves
why do you take the moral position that
you do even if we were to accept
uncritically the facts as you present
them which I don't but that's me I think
you're not facing up that difficult a
bridge to walk that is and I would
invite you to challenge yourself to look
at racism and the struggles between
frankly rival nations that are linked to
racism in a part of the world that you
have no connection to where you really
are detached where your ego is not
involved so for example there's still a
really terrible conflict in Cambodia and
Vietnam over what's called the Khmer
Krom so the Khmer Krom both under my
spell with a k' obviously these are all
foreign words but you know the racism
between that divides Cambodia versus
Vietnam is intense and they have a very
long history of many many centuries of
hating each other of struggling to
dominate the same territory another
ethnic group there that fought in the
same war so to speak
the Cham spelled CH a.m. uh uh you know
I could say this about any example of of
racism and you know rival empires
and different groups trying to
extinguish each other but you know if
you were to study if you were to look at
a case study like that instead of the
United States of America where your ego
isn't involved
I wonder what conclusions you'd come to
I wonder if you would really still
support this incredibly bleak and from
my perspective racist view of the world
I wonder if you would actually come to
the end of that study and either be
strongly Pro Vietnamese or strongly Pro
Cambodian or if you would put down the
books at the end of a study of that
nature and say do you know what this is
really tragic actually it's not so much
a matter of who's wrong and who's right
it's it's deeply tragic that still today
in 2016
this type of tribalism and a pejorative
sense is driving you know one nation to
use such horrible methods of coercion to
try to force another nation to stop
speaking its own language to assimilate
to disappear to cease to exist them
referring to the Khmer Krom it's
horrible that so many millions of people
have been killed for these reasons it's
horrible that the politics of race and
identity event these consequences for
people who obviously have other problems
in life like being bombed by the
Americans and then reconstructing their
societies in the aftermath of you know
the American war there apart from just
poverty disease malaria etc etc I do
wonder if you challenge yourself to do
research on any case study of in this
sense where racism and imperialism and
empire building overlap where you had no
commitment to one side of the other or
it didn't involve your race your history
your past present future I wonder at the
end of that study if you still feel the
same way
that you do braces
on a scale of one to ten how racist you
think it is
about a four or five
guacamole is on point